as you know we started when I believed
to be the most important Halloween
tradition since someone rhymed the words
trick-or-treat with smell my feet six
years ago we asked parents to pretend
they ate their children's Halloween
candy we did it again this year we do it
every year we shared the results on
Tuesday and I don't fortunately many
parents sent their videos in late I
could not have been clearer about the
deadline but we got so many strong
submissions after that deadline we
didn't feel right about ignoring them so
here now is a special bonus edition of
our YouTube challenge for Halloween 2016
hey Jimmy Kimmel I told my kids I ate
all their candy part two we got a little
hungry for some candy and we ate all
your candy I'm really sorry
[Music]
[Applause]
we're not gonna say anything
calm down when you are at school online
boys do you guys were sleeping I ate all
your Halloween candy I love you candy
dad you always say that long there we
ate it all
well let's okay
do you still love me I'm sure I ate it I
ate it all Jimmy Kimmel told them to do
it me and Ron set up all night made all
the good stuff I know this is the Jimmy
although don't worry kids on Tuesday you
get to watch your parents prior over the
results of the election so think you ate
enough candy last night Oh
only have like one of my the candy is
serious Oh with you I'm gonna have
probably get a bellyache
[Applause]